{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PROJECT MONSTER MASH\
Minutes from meeting HO, Monday, 22/10/12 (Author: alb31)\
Meeting:\
\
Meeting Purpose:\
Create a plan of action, set main design goals and try to get started on the design documents.\
\
Present: all\
Circulation: All\
 \
Minutes Produced 22/10/12\
\
Version 1.0\
\
Matters Arising:\
1. Talked about design specifications, which resulted in creation of following drafts:\
	a.Flow chart of user-application interaction(If user clicks button a, he goes to\
	    page a, etc)\
	b.A quick outline of all the pages that need to be composed for the project.\
	c.An outline of how said webpages need to look like (concept art).\
2.Coffee and Donuts.\
\
New Business:\
1. Get started on design/solving the problem of handling the database\
ACTION: Silhab, Tux, Sam\
\
2.Coordinate the making of the Design Specification\
ACTION: Tom\
\
3.Updating the Risk Assessment Document with 'fallback' roles\
ACTION: Tom\
\
4.Providing basic webpage display for the Design Specification\
ACTION:Alex\
\
5.Writing of the Java Design in Design Specification\
ACTION: Mike\
\
5.Writing the HTML/JavaScript Design in Design Specification\
ACTION: Matt\
\
6.Writing the Servlets/Other(Tux's code) Design in Design Specification\
\
AOB:\
1.Tux was late because of his code.\
2.Coffee and Donuts is breakfast of the \strike \strikec0 champions\strike0\striked0  students.\
3.Chris wants to help everyone with everything (read: help with coding/documentation/other).\
4.Alex is more than certain that she has not included all that has been discussed in these minutes - taking notes for a 2 hour meeting is more than difficult. \
\
\
IIAM:\
1. Chris and Mike were incredibly nice and really did bring donuts and coffee to the meeting. Everyone was very grateful.\
2.Some members of the group were overly excited about breeding. ("I want to breed with you" turned out to be one of the most unfortunate sentences spoken that morning - especially when taken out of context)\
3.There was a concept of a monster breeding animation screen (as in case of battle screen animation). It was very quickly abandoned.\
4.Singing Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" with a polish accent sounds funny.\
5.Chris wore a (!)real suit. It was from a charity shop.\
\
Trivia:\
Science says that people can't lick their own elbows. Alex knows a person that is capable of proving that fact wrong. It's a horrifying sight.  \
\
Document Version Log:\
1.0 \
\
}