PROJECT MONSTER MASH
Minutes from meeting, Thursday, 1/11/12 (Author: alb31)
Meeting:

Meeting Purpose:


Present: Tux was missing
Circulation: All
 
Minutes Produced 2/11/12

Version 1.0

Matters Arising:
1.Decided to add a new 'notifications page' to the design
2.Basic HTML pages are still under construction – only once they are produced can the server/Javascript work begin
3.Silhab & Tux have uploaded a user database

New Business:
1.Swap the fallback roles of Chris and Sam
ACTION:Mike
2.Move all documentation to respective GitHub folders
ACTION: ALL
3.Remove copyrighted images of monsters from the Page Design Document
ACTION:Matt
4.Put together and Finalize the Design specifications document
ACTION: Chris
5.Book room C63 for a few hours during work week
ACTION:Chris
6.Email Tux about his attendance on Today's meeting
ACTION:Chris
7.New Use Case Images
ACTION:Tom

AOB:
1.We will most likely meet for a few days of non-stop coding during work week (Monday/Tuesday)

IIAM:
1.Alex is slacking with her HTML.
2.Alex brought more candy for everyone to apologize for slacking.
3.Rooms can, on occasion be obnoxious (e.g B23)
4.Sam and Tom may be the same person/twins

Document Version Log:
1.0 

